Codepen link: https://codepen.io/AnnemarieChase/pen/RwNYNNy

  
  
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML uses code for meaning and allows a more universal understanding for code. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for building webpages for the computer to respond to.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are information about HTML and are in the opening tag of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 tag is a header tag to denote the title on the page. It should be used oncec on a page. 
        
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a href and img src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <head>
        page title, base, etc.
        </head>

    7. What is an id?
        An ID is a a specific and unique ID HTML element. 
 
     8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once per page. 

    10. What is a class?
        Classes are an attribute to be applied to multiple elements. 
        
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        all HTML elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        any amount of time 
        
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank" attribute to the a href 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        alt is used to supply text to describe the image in the case it does not load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #[nameof]id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Divs can be used as a child to the section.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to provide styling for HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{ 
        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class ccan be used to apply CSS to multiple elements. An id can be used for only one element. 
        You might use a class to change font but an ID to change the font of only the title

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of "human""?
        .human p {
        }
        
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector lets you change one element inside of a class. this would be helpful if you want to change the hover background of one section in the child selector. 
      
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {
    
        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is used to apply css to a class or ID in a certain state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border-style: dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        * {
            property: value;
        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm function. You need to be careful because there is no warning and it will delete without reversal.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        version control tracks each change. It's useful when working in teams 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Often every ~20 minutes 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Create a fork of the repo  
        Assign TL as a collaborator
        Clone the repo
        Create a branch 
        Add your name to the list
        Make changes to the code
        Commit and push work to your branch
        Create a Pull-Request 
        Add TL as a moderator on Pull-Request
